Update README file to reflect the modular architecture changes - Closes #3075 (#3129)
LiskHQ/lisk: framework/src/components/README.md

# Components

## Description

Components are shared objects within the [controller](../controller/README.md) layer which any [module](../modules/README.md) can utilize.
Components can use [channels](../modules/README.md#module-communication) if required for implementation behavior.
The following components are available currently.

### Cache

This component provides basic caching capabilities, generic enough for any module to use if required.

### Logger

> Logger is responsible for all application-level logging activity and logs everything in JSON format.

Reviewer: does it log in JSON format now?

Reviewer 2: We didn't include it in 1.6.0. We should do it in 2.0.

 That's something we would have to amend in the LIP if 1.6.0 is about to close the objective.

Reviewer 2: I deleted the false part for now.

> Logger is responsible for all application-level logging activity and logs everything in JSON format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logger is responsible for all application-level logging activity.
```

> This central logger component can be passed to any module, where it can be extended by adding module-specific fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The logger component can be passed to any module, where it can be extended by adding module-specific behaviour.
```

### Storage

> This component is responsible for all database activity in the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The storage component is responsible for all database activity in the system.
```

> The database component exposes an interface with specific features for getting or setting particular database entities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It exposes an interface with specific features for getting or setting particular database entities and a raw handler to the database object so that any module can extend it for its own use.

Find more details about the storage component in the dedicated [LIP](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/master/proposals/lip-0011.md).
```

> It will also expose a raw handler to the database object so that any module can extend it for its own use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### System

> This component provides a central registry of up-to-date system information.

Reviewer: this line is not true at the current state

> This component provides a central registry of up-to-date system information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The system component provides per-module system information. Each module is responsible for keeping the information up-to-date. 

It holds the variables and constants critical for the whole application, possibly affecting other modules.

For now, those are: "os", "version", "wsPort", "httpPort", "minVersion", "protocolVersion", "height", "nethash", "broadhash" and "nonce".
```

> Especially network height, nonce, broadhash, nethash, and network specific constants.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> This component will use channels and events to make all instances of the component stay in sync in different modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
